annot: Break eggs into a bowl
ACTID: 0
PRED: break
[DOBJ, food] eggs (-1)
[PP, location, into] a bowl (-1)
annot: Squeeze lemon juice into the bowl
ACTID: 1
PRED: squeeze
[DOBJ, food] lemon juice (-1)
[PP, food, into] the bowl (-1)
annot: Pour the egg yolks into the top of a double boiler
ACTID: 2
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the egg yolks (0)
[PP, location, into] the top of a double boiler (-1)
annot: whisk
ACTID: 3
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] (2)
annot: Add lemon juice, white pepper, Worcester sauce, butter, and water to the eggs
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] lemon juice (1), white pepper (-1), worcester sauce (-1), butter (-1), water (-1)
[PP, food, to] the eggs (3)
annot: whisk
ACTID: 5
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] (4)
annot: Add salt to the bowl
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] salt (-1)
[PP, food, to] the bowl (5)
annot: mix
ACTID: 7
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food]  (6)
annot: place rounds of canadian bacon onto a hot skillet
ACTID: 8
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] rounds of canadian bacon (-1)
[PP, location, onto] a hot skillet (-1)
annot: Add distilled vinegar to a pan of hot water
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] distilled vinegar (-1)
[PP, location, to]  a pan of hot water (-1)
annot: add eggs
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] eggs (-1)
[PP, food, ] (9)
annot: split english muffins onto a tray
ACTID: 11
PRED: split
[DOBJ, food] english muffins (-1)
[PP, location, onto] a tray (-1)
annot: broil
ACTID: 12
PRED: broil
[DOBJ, food] (11)
annot: Remove the eggs from the water
ACTID: 13
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the eggs (10)
[PP, location, from] the water (-1)
annot: place onto a paper towel
ACTID: 14
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] (13)
[PP, location, onto] a paper towel (-1)
annot: spread butter onto the english muffin
ACTID: 15
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] butter (-1)
[PP, food, onto] the english muffin (12)
annot: place the slice of bacon, the poached egg, hollandaise sauce, and chopped chives on the muffin
ACTID: 16
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the slice of bacon (8), the poached egg (14), hollandaise sauce (7), chopped chives (-1)
[PP, food, on] the muffin (15)